oh whoa it's all so bloody Oh defeat
you're doing you really want to choke
around in trouble a way I know you
you're from that weird family aren't you
we're not weird we don't like wrestling
how do you know if you've never been
I've never had rectal bleeding before
but I'm pretty sure I'm not fine about
how about I shove her head up your ass
and we can find out fake anyways
[Music]
sorry about that rock for huge fans
thank you so much what advice would you
give us we want to be the next you what
are your names give my name what's your
names are you walk around here
interrupting the rock you like you
haven't seen the Sun in 20 years you
like you just stepped out of Oliver
Twist please sir may have some more
advice you want some advice here's the
rocket biceps your mouth thanks Wayne
got it
good morning rustling nerds well this is
where we see whether or not you get to
go on to WWE this is our short Doug
hello why do you want to wrestle
I'm the toughest bastard in any room
probably shouldn't swear I wonder if
ladies present sorry miss sorry about
that I call your name that means you'll
be coming with me to Florida Paige thank
you all very much you have to take my
brother no one deserves this more than
Zach I wish you the best son this is the
end of the line for you do you know what
it's like to one thing in life and then
your own sister takes it away from you
it was my dream to
who wants to be out there you're not
just doing this view you're doing it for
the family
Paige I myself have come from a
wrestling family too I know exactly what
it means to you don't worry about being
the next man be the first you
what it's doing Johnson how are you
prove it is cookin
yeah and I'm vain days oh my I'm sorry
[Applause]
[Music]